h2. R wrapper for working with Google Prediction API

This package consists in a bunch of functions allowing the user to test Google Prediction API from R. 
It requires the user to have access to both Google Storage for Developers and Google Prediction API:
see "here":http://code.google.com/apis/storage/ and "here":http://code.google.com/apis/predict/ for details.

Example usage:

<pre>
#This example requires you had previously created a bucket named data_language on your Google Storage and you had uploaded a CSV file named language_id.txt (your data) into this bucket - see for details 
library(predictionapirwrapper)
## The first stage of using the API is to acquire an authorization token. This can be done via this command:
token <- GetAuthToken(email="user@gmail.com", passwd="mypassword")
## This command begins training on data that has been previously uploaded to Google Storage.
GoogleTrain(auth_token=token$Auth, mybucket="data_languages", mydata="language_id.txt")
## Once training has started, this command checks the status of the training job and gets meta-information on the model (if available).
GoogleTrainCheck(auth_token=token$Auth, mybucket="data_languages", mydata="language_id.txt")
## When training has finished, this command issues a request for a new prediction from the model. 
GooglePredict(auth_token=token$Auth, mybucket="data_languages", mydata="language_id.txt", myinput="La idioma mas fina")
## remove Trained Model
DeleteTrainedModel(auth_token=token$Auth, mybucket="data_languages", mydata="language_id.txt")
</pre>

Copyright (c) 2010 Paolo Sonego

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
